# td;lr

Instructions in the `README` for repo are also in included in the header
of `0_HW2.Rmd`. In short, answer the questions listed in `0_HW2.Rmd`.
Use the basic autograding system implemented in the same rmarkdown file
ONLY as a reference.

## Quick feedback

The following “feedback” will update each time you render your homework.

    <U+2705> Question 1 - Correct!
    <U+274C> Question 2 - Potentially incorrect
    <U+274C> Question 3 - Potentially incorrect
    <U+274C> Question 4 - Potentially incorrect
    <U+2705> Question 5 - Correct!
    <U+274C> Question 6 - Potentially incorrect
    <U+2705> Question 7 - Correct!
    <U+274C> Question 8 - Potentially incorrect
    <U+2705> Question 9 - Correct!
    <U+274C> Question 10 - Potentially incorrect
    <U+274C> Question 11.1 - Potentially incorrect
    <U+274C> Question 11.2 - Potentially incorrect
    <U+274C> Question 12.2 - Provide a link
    <U+274C> Question 12.3 - Provide a link
    <U+274C> Question 12.4 - Provide a link
    <U+274C> Question 12.5 - Provide a link
    <U+274C> Question 12.6 - Provide a link


       <U+231B> Auto-grade 23.53 %,  2.35 / 10 points

    Updated: 2022-07-17 20:37:23 MDT

### Objectives

This worksheet will assess your knowledge of basic commands in `R`.
Please review the lectures, suggested readings, and additional resources
**before** getting started on the HW as this document closely follows
the provided materials.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Additional files related to this HW

In `D2L`, you will find the following additional files associated to
this homework:

-   **1\_Lab.RMD**: An annotated markdown style document to introduce
    `R`. If you’re not familiar with `R`, please **review** this
    document before going over this HW.

-   **2\_BasicR.R**: An annotated `R` script with different brief
    pactice questions (not graded).

#### Additional resources relevant to this HW

-   **R Markdown**: Please review the basic R Markdown cheat sheet in
    case you have any questions regarding formatting the HW:
    <https://www.rstudio.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/rmarkdown-cheatsheet.pdf>.

-   **R**: Please review the basic `R` cheat sheet in case you have any
    questions regarding the programming language:
    <https://www.soa.org/globalassets/assets/Files/Edu/2018/exam-pa-base-r.pdf>.

-   **RStudio**: Additional cheat sheets written by RStudio to help with
    specific R packages:
    <https://www.rstudio.com/resources/cheatsheets/>

### Scores and grading policies

There is avery basic auto-grading system implemented at the end of the
assignment. Use that workflow as a reference. However, please note that
grades are **NOT exclusively based on your final answers**. I will be
grading the overall structure and logic of your code. Feel free to use
as many lines as you need to answer each of the questions. I also highly
recommend and strongly encourage adding comments (`#`) to your code.
Comments will certainly improve the reproducibility and readability of
your submission. Commenting your code is also good coding practice.
**Specifically for the course, you’ll get better feedback if the
instructor is able to understand your code in detail.**

### Submission:

This HW is due at the end of the same week that is released (**Sunday,
11:59 pm AZ time**). Please get in touch with the instructor if you’re
(i) having issues opening the assignment, (2) not understanding the
questions or (3) having issues submitting your assignment. Note that
late submissions are subject to a penalty (see late work policies in the
Syllabus). By the deadline, you should turn in a a `RMD` file (this
file) **and** a rendered `HTML` (hint: knit your `rmd`; link:
<https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/lesson-9.html>). Answers to each question
should be in the relevant block of code (see below). The instructor
won’t render your submission. **There’s no need to rename your
submission**. Make sure that you can correctly render your submission
without errors before turning anything in. If a given block of code is
causing issues and you didn’t get to fix it, please use the in the
relevant block and add comments. **This assignment must be submitted
through our GitHub Classroom before the deadline.**

### Time commitment

Please reach out if you’re taking more than ~18h (~9h for the first
week) to complete (1) this HW, (2) reading the book chapters, and (3)
going over the lectures. I will be happy to provide accommodations if
necessary. **Do not wait until the last minute to start working on this
HW**. In most cases, working under pressure will certainly increase the
time needed to answer each of these questions and the instructor might
not be 100% available on Sundays to troubleshoot with you. Remember that
you can sign up office hours with the instructor 3 times a week.

### Looking for help?

First, please go over the relevant readings for this week. Second, if
you’re still struggling with any of the questions, do some independent
research (e.g. stackoverflow is a wonderful resource). Don’t forget that
your classmates will also be working on the same questions - reach out
for help (check under the Discussion forum for folks looking to interact
with other students in this class or start your own thread). Finally,
the instructor will be happy to answer any questions during office
hours. You can reach out to me by email (<cromanpa94@arizona.edu>) or
simply schedule a 15 minute meeting through **Calendly**
(<https://calendly.com/cromanpa/15min>). **Do not forget that the
instructor holds office hours 3 times a week!!**
